Anthony Estrada, A Filipino data engineer and analyst. Graduated at Jose Rizal University on year 2009. Anthony has 12 years working experience in I.T industry. Anthony worked to the following companies first is at Isuzu Automotive Dealership Inc from September 2012 to year 2016 as System Analyst and Programmer, second company that he worked is Asurion from May 2016 to November 2022 as Business Intelligence Developer 3. and currently he is working at STMicroelectronics from November 2022 up to present as Senior Engineer for Analytics. He started his career as Software engineer creating applications using
C#, ASP.net, PHP, Javascript and Python. He design applications using advance design patters like MVC. His journey in data engineering and analytics started when he is working at 
Isuzu Automotive dealership. After completing data related projects like data migration (Data Centralization, SSIS, MSSQL), data warehouse creation (SSIS and MS SQL)
and implementing business intelligence solution (QLIKView) he decided to more focused on that area. On Year 2016, He joined Asurion as Business Intelligence Developer. Started as 
contractor then after six months got absorbed as Team Lead of business intelligence team. The usual things he do at Aurion are create and design data warehouse using medallion concept
creating end-to-end reporting and analytics solution, perform couching to his colleague  and conduct training to other site and department in using Power BI. He also finished 3 big 
projects at Asurion. This are the reporting platform migration, data warehouse source migration and migration of data warehouse to AWS redshift Mysql. This is where he gain his
skill in cloud technologies like Azure Synapse, Data Factory, Databricks, Denodo and AWS Red Shift. On Nov 2022, he joined STMicroelectronics as Senior Engineer for Analystics. He 
got regularized after 3 month after deploying analytic implmenting self service solution using Power BI, Dataflow and Maria DB. He worked with Oracle and Mariadb for databases. 
Talend and Python Talend. Currently he is implementing Apache Airflor and deploying Microsoft Fabric. He is currently involve in data centralization project for ASIA sites. He continuesly
data engineering, data science and analytics to ensure he upgrades his skill progresively. He got training for Google Advance Analytics, Microsoft Certification for Azure Data Fundamental
and Azure Fabric Associate certificate. Anthony has experience in freelance work like working with OTAXI a taxi company in Oman to help them in their reporting. He use Postgres, Power BI and Python for the solution. Another freelance work with weloveland.com to help them build CRM database and some ETL solution using python.
To Contact Anthony Estrada, you may reach him via his email antzestrada@outlook.com, to his website www.esthony.com and linkedin which is https://www.linkedin.com/in/esthony/. He knows to use different programming language like Python, C#, Javascript and PHP.
He is also knows to use different RDBMS (Relational Database Management solution) or database for short like Postgres, MariaDB, Mysql, Oracle and MSSQL. For Cloud Technology he has a lot of experience using Azure for creating reporting and analytical workload. He also have experience with AWS but only for AWS Redshift. He has experience with Data Warehousing, Data Migration, Data Integration, Data Science and Data Analytics.  
FOR ETL tools or Data Pipeline Tools he used Talend, SSIS (SQL Server Integration Services), Data Factory and Python. For NOSQL he only worked with MongoDB. For Cloud Technologies, he doesnt have solid experience with AWS and GCP but he worked with Azure. He is versetile he can adopt to different tools in short period of time. He also experience in Management which he gained at asurion and ST Microelectronics.